Beta docs (#931)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRoleTemplate.md

# Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRoleTemplate

## Synopsis

Gets directory role templates.

## Syntax

```powershell
Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRoleTemplate 
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRoleTemplate` cmdlet gets directory role templates in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Examples

### Example 1: Get role templates

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'RoleManagement.Read.Directory'
Get-EntraBetaDirectoryRoleTemplate
```

```Output

> DeletedDateTime Id                                   Description
> --------------- --                                   -----------
>                 aaaaaaaa-0000-1111-2222-bbbbbbbbbbbb Can manage all aspects of Microsoft Entra ID and Microsoft services that use Microsoft Entra identities.
>                 bbbbbbbb-1111-2222-3333-cccccccccccc Default role for guest users. Can read a limited set of directory information.
>                 cccccccc-2222-3333-4444-dddddddddddd Default role for guest users with restricted access. Can read a limited set of directory information.
>                 dddddddd-3333-4444-5555-eeeeeeeeeeee Can invite guest users independent of the 'members can invite guests' setting.
>                 eeeeeeee-4444-5555-6666-ffffffffffff Can manage all aspects of users and groups, including resetting passwords for limited admins.
>                 ffffffff-5555-6666-7777-aaaaaaaaaaaa Can reset passwords for non-administrators and Helpdesk Administrators.
>                 aaaaaaaa-6666-7777-8888-bbbbbbbbbbbb Can read service health information and manage support tickets.
>                 bbbbbbbb-7777-8888-9999-cccccccccccc Can perform common billing related tasks like updating payment information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DeletedDateTime Id                                   Description
--------------- --                                   -----------
                62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10 Can manage all aspects of Microsoft Entra ID and Microsoft services that use Microsoft Entra identities.
                10dae51f-b6af-4016-8d66-8c2a99b929b3 Default role for guest users. Can read a limited set of directory information.
                2af84b1e-32c8-42b7-82bc-daa82404023b Default role for guest users with restricted access. Can read a limited set of directory information.
                95e79109-95c0-4d8e-aee3-d01accf2d47b Can invite guest users independent of the 'members can invite guests' setting.
                fe930be7-5e62-47db-91af-98c3a49a38b1 Can manage all aspects of users and groups, including resetting passwords for limited admins.
```

Reviewer: Directory Role is exempted.

Author: Changes done.
